for more than a week now the gazal strip
has been disconnected from the world 7
days without internet without calls
without withdrawing from the bank here
we're in front of a bank the Palestinian
Bank where normally this area is filled
with hundreds of people trying to
withdraw money because people in gsal
strip lost their jobs for more than 3
months now they have not been working
and the only way they depend is on the
money transfers from their family abroad
and so on here also the bank provides
people with internet and people normally
sit here and call their family from
abroad call each other call people in
the Northern areas in the southern areas
but for the first time it stays for 7
days more than 7 days this is not the
first telecommunications black out on
the gazel Strip it has been the fifth
but it's this long and according to to
Pala the Palestinian telecommunication
company they said that they sent two of
their team workers to fix the problem
but they were killed by the Israeli
forces according to the Palestinians
they told us that this is another type
of torture not being able to call your
beloved ones and not being able to reach
the ambulances to call if anything
surrounding your house happened dur an
air strike Palestinians believe that
Israel has been imposing a lot on them
and life has been very challenging as
people are still witnessing displacement
homelessness and starvation this is hind
from Al for Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer